Can you really pretend to come and see?
This loser says which one he wants to applaud
Which drum can clap?
What!
You can applaud whoever you want.
I've been frying drums for years and I can't say that
You look like a turtle
What big tail wolf defense
Is this your friend?
Don't get me wrong.
I don't have the habit of treating trash as friends
Who are you calling trash?
Why is summer rain cool?
You still don't accept
Is he a piece of crap?
Since he is trash
Who is the person who fled in embarrassment in the office?
Who is the person begging for mercy at the point of sales?
Okay, now let's see who the hell is trash
everyone
I've been saying since I came in that Sauce Technology will definitely grow
And there have been 10 assassins
And he is a medicine talisman glass
It's already 5 cents
Shrinking by more than 10 times
He also said that he wanted the medicine talisman glass to rise
He can go up
Everyone says who is the trash
Tell me about it.
You can buy a stock that has fallen 10 times
This ordinary waste can't compare
If you want a pair of glass, let him fix it.
Who do you think you are?
Treat yourself as a stock god
Hey, you're still smart.
That's right, this era
I am the stock god